[API](../../../../../packages.md) / [@kubb/parser-ts](../../../index.md) / [ts](../index.md) / CompletionEntry

# CompletionEntry

## Properties

### commitCharacters?

```ts
optional commitCharacters: string[];
```

If this completion entry is selected, typing a commit character will cause the entry to be accepted.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10907

***

### data?

```ts
optional data: CompletionEntryData;
```

A property to be sent back to TS Server in the CompletionDetailsRequest, along with `name`,
that allows TS Server to look up the symbol represented by the completion item, disambiguating
items with the same name. Currently only defined for auto-import completions, but the type is
`unknown` in the protocol, so it can be changed as needed to support other kinds of completions.
The presence of this property should generally not be used to assume that this completion entry
is an auto-import.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10903

***

### filterText?

```ts
optional filterText: string;
```

A string that should be used when filtering a set of
completion items.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10840

***

### hasAction?

```ts
optional hasAction: true;
```

Indicates whether commiting this completion entry will require additional code actions to be
made to avoid errors. The CompletionEntryDetails will have these actions.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10855

***

### insertText?

```ts
optional insertText: string;
```

Text to insert instead of `name`.
This is used to support bracketed completions; If `name` might be "a-b" but `insertText` would be `["a-b"]`,
coupled with `replacementSpan` to replace a dotted access with a bracket access.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10835

***

### isFromUncheckedFile?

```ts
optional isFromUncheckedFile: true;
```

If true, this completion was generated from traversing the name table of an unchecked JS file,
and therefore may not be accurate.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10878

***

### isImportStatementCompletion?

```ts
optional isImportStatementCompletion: true;
```

If true, this completion was an auto-import-style completion of an import statement (i.e., the
module specifier was inserted along with the imported identifier). Used for telemetry reporting.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10888

***

### isPackageJsonImport?

```ts
optional isPackageJsonImport: true;
```

If true, this completion was for an auto-import of a module not yet in the program, but listed
in the project package.json. Used for telemetry reporting.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10883

***

### isRecommended?

```ts
optional isRecommended: true;
```

If true, this completion should be highlighted as recommended. There will only be one of these.
This will be set when we know the user should write an expression with a certain type and that type is an enum or constructable class.
Then either that enum/class or a namespace containing it will be the recommended symbol.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10873

***

### isSnippet?

```ts
optional isSnippet: true;
```

`insertText` should be interpreted as a snippet if true.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10844

***

### kind

```ts
kind: ScriptElementKind;
```

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10823

***

### kindModifiers?

```ts
optional kindModifiers: string;
```

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10824

***

### labelDetails?

```ts
optional labelDetails: CompletionEntryLabelDetails;
```

Additional details for the label.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10867

***

### name

```ts
name: string;
```

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10822

***

### replacementSpan?

```ts
optional replacementSpan: TextSpan;
```

An optional span that indicates the text to be replaced by this completion item.
If present, this span should be used instead of the default one.
It will be set if the required span differs from the one generated by the default replacement behavior.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10850

***

### sortText

```ts
sortText: string;
```

A string that is used for comparing completion items so that they can be ordered. This
is often the same as the name but may be different in certain circumstances.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10829

***

### source?

```ts
optional source: string;
```

Identifier (not necessarily human-readable) identifying where this completion came from.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10859

***

### sourceDisplay?

```ts
optional sourceDisplay: SymbolDisplayPart[];
```

Human-readable description of the `source`.

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10863

***

### symbol?

```ts
optional symbol: Symbol;
```

For API purposes.
Included for non-string completions only when `includeSymbol: true` option is passed to `getCompletionsAtPosition`.

#### Example

```ts
Get declaration of completion: `symbol.valueDeclaration`
```

#### Defined in

node\_modules/.pnpm/typescript@5.6.2/node\_modules/typescript/lib/typescript.d.ts:10894
